Edit article on HTMLDialogElement open attribute (#38532)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmldialogelement/open/index.md

## Value

> A boolean value representing the state of the [`open`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/dialog#open) HTML attribute. A value of `true` means that the dialog is showing, while `false` means it's not showing.

Author: This is technically beyond the scope of the original issue. Is this okay?

Reviewer: Including that in this PR is preferred

> [!WARNING]

> > While the `open` property is technically not read only and can be set programmatically, doing so is strongly discouraged by [the HTML specification](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/interactive-elements.html#attr-dialog-closedby:~:text=Removing%20the%20open%20attribute%20will%20usually%20hide%20the%20dialog.%20However%2C%20doing%20so%20has%20a%20number%20of%20strange%20additional%20consequences%3A), as it can break normal dialog interactions in unexpected ways. For example, the [`close` event](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLDialogElement/close_event) won't fire when programmatically setting `open` to `false`, and subsequent calls to the [`close()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLDialogElement/close) and [`requestClose()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLDialogElement/requestClose) methods will have no effect. Instead, it's better to use the [`show()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLDialogElement/show), [`showModal()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLDialogElement/showModal), `close()`, and `requestClose()` methods to change the value of the `open` attribute.

Author: Not sure if `can be set programmatically` is clear enough. Technically, the `close()` and `requestClose()` methods are also setting the value programmatically. Maybe we should say "directly" instead?

Reviewer: > methods also setting the value programmatically

I don't think that's the general interpretation. That would be setting the value via some native mechanism. However, I agree that "set directly" is more explicit. However, let's not use text fragments because they are extremely brittle.

```suggestion
> While the `open` property is technically not read-only and can be set directly, doing so is strongly discouraged by [the HTML specification](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/interactive-elements.html#attr-dialog-closedby), as it can break normal dialog interactions in unexpected ways. For example, the [`close`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLDialogElement/close_event) event won't fire when programmatically setting `open` to `false`, and subsequent calls to the [`close()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLDialogElement/close) and [`requestClose()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLDialogElement/requestClose) methods will have no effect. Instead, it's better to use methods such as [`show()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLDialogElement/show), [`showModal()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLDialogElement/showModal), `close()`, and `requestClose()` to change the value of the `open` attribute.
```
